Template: ddclient/service
Type: select
Choices: www.dyndns.org, www.easydns.com, www.dslreports.com, www.zoneedit.com, other
Default: www.dyndns.org
Description: Choose dynamic DNS service provider
 Please select the dynamic DNS service you are using. If the service you
 is not listed choose other and you will be asked for the protocol and
 the server name.

Template: ddclient/server
Type: string
Description: Dynamic DNS server
 Enter the name of the server which is providing you with dynamic DNS
 service (example: members.dyndns.org).

Template: ddclient/protocol
Type: select
Choices: dyndns2, dslreports1, easydns, hammernode1, zoneedit1, dyndns1
Default: dyndns2
Description: Dynamic DNS update protocol
 Select the dynamic DNS update protocol used by your dynamic DNS
 service provider.

Template: ddclient/names
Type: string
Description: Your DynDNS fully qualified domain names
 Enter the list of fully qualified domain names for your host (like
 "myname.dyndns.org" if you have only one host or
 "myname1.dyndns.org,myname2.dyndns.org" for two hosts).

Template: ddclient/username
Type: string
Description: Username for dynamic DNS service
 Enter the username you use to log into the dynamic DNS service.

Template: ddclient/password
Type: password
Description: Password for dynamic DNS service
 Enter the password you use to log into the dynamic DNS service. The value
 will not be displayed as you type it.

Template: ddclient/interface
Type: string
Description: Interface used for dynamic DNS service
 Enter the interface which is used for using dynamic DNS service.

Template: ddclient/run_ipup
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Run ddclient on ppp connect
 Enable this if ddclient should be run every time a ppp connection is
 established.

Template: ddclient/run_daemon
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Run ddclient as daemon?
 Do you want ddclient to be run in daemon mode on system startup?

Template: ddclient/daemon_interval
Type: string
Default: 300
Description: ddclient update interval
 How long should ddclient wait before checking the interface address again?
 Values may be given in seconds (e.g. "5s"), in minutes (e.g. "3m"), in hours
 (e.g. "7h") or in days (e.g. "1d").

Template: ddclient/newconfigfmt
Type: note
Description: More powerful configuration
 The new ddclient version allows you to store all options in the configuration
 file instead of passing them in your scripts. Apart from that ddclient now
 supports different protocols and services, different ways to figure out
 your internet address including gathering it from a firewall status page.
 .
 In any case the configuration file /etc/ddclient.conf will be updated
 to be a bit more readable and the protocol will be updated to dyndns2.
 This is neccessary as dyndns.org switched off support for the dyndns1
 protocol on January 1st 2002.
 .
 If you want to make use of the new options through this frontend please
 run dpkg-reconfigure ddclient.

Template: ddclient/modifiedconfig
Type: note
Description: Modified configuration file
 The config file /etc/ddclient.conf on your system does not consist of three
 entries. The automatic configuration utility debconf cannot handle this.
 Maybe you modified the configuration file manually, so I won't touch it. If
 you want me to create a new config, please run dpkg-reconfigure ddclient.
